so let me follow a bit and Scott is
getting a here with the example in by
the way Scott as of this morning I'd
actually I that's one of the courses and
I'm revisiting that I realized that I
purchased it was just that I had that I
needed I needed to launch my first so
you got a pic of course pick something
you know that you can be able to do
quickly as I created this course that
was it in the way the title stands now
as I haven't finished filling out the
course was not successfully install
Drupal easily and quickly and that's
what's got getting a steak but are
people really gonna be interested in
to learn how to install Drupal and you
know what I can tell you conclusively
the answer is No
although I mean I some sales on the
course but that's what are the problems
and I'm having with a course is that it
isn't sexy enough to people don't get
enough of anything when they finish
their courses this is so good at being
able to see oh cool now I can install
Drupal and I'm definitely gets course is
going to be completely expanded in
revamp it reproduced but the point that
out here not to get tied up in specifics
of course is that he said ok so maybe
there's this idea of Drupal and Scott
doing this with some of his courses like
there's here's where maybe all this
couple is yours like this idea here
maybe 280 right on top of this year the
best place to go but if you're near it
and make you the opportunity I use my
office an example of how to me
course course how to make money online
courses right I don't have the how to
make money on YouTube course I may never
have a hard to make money on YouTube I
have a course and I have a topic
selection course so Jason too
the oversaturated market but I'm
addressing a very specific need people
are asking in the studio every couple of
days how does your research we're like
I'm on page six and I've got five stars
and the guy above me has no stars and
NYC above me and there they get this
point and so apparent you know
apparently no other course that's
available on you know me how to make
money on you to me really adequately
addresses how did you know mister
literally if I'm on page five and I want
to be impeached to give me five things I
can do tomorrow and then next week I'll
be higher in the rankings so I had a
particular pinpoint a particular
solution and I covered it completely and
I do it and what i think is a logical
way and three questions all these things
so I'm not trying to compete with Alan
hill with Benjamin Wilson are all these
people who've died you know me how to
make unique course courses I i dont need
to like i'm happy being 101 from that
bullseye and and I think with my SEO
course it's not like you know it's not
buying me a car but it's ok I got you
know was worth my time and it's also
interesting to me so it's sort of like I
wouldn't have any regrets even if it
didn't sell that well but did okay so
yeah like any any comment that you can
think of I would say the challenges just
finding that place to stand on going to
be different you gotta be better one or
the other and I'm going to the best you
know I'm gonna beat Alan hill at how to
make money online courses so I'm gonna
try
ok doesn't seem like a bad attitude I'll
be over here while he's over there it's
not a bad attitude you are seeing that
there's a lot of competition you're
gonna have getting in you know that over
an area but you can find a different
area that you don't have it being kind
of competition that same kind of
challenge meeting a need because there's
a point that's got me and he said
find when you know what you're
interested in and also find the
intersection of that with what people
are looking to learn in what they're
willing to do so when talking about
staying awake he still is looking for
where there's going to be some type of
pain point he said some type of problem
can solve for just randomly running away
from a scuffle and say I don't want to
be part of that i'm gonna go do
something
complete 180 degrees opposite he wants
to be close enough to it still there but
he just caught up in winters you know
all that competition so maybe just
reinforces the question why wouldn't you
and I don't know that Scott said he
wouldn't but why wouldn't you create a
one day thing like like alan has got he
publishes his income reports and he can
he's made $30,000 in a month and so that
thousand dollars a day and I mean I'm
not making thirty thousand
like so what am i competing on my
standing there saying well guys I've got
ten percent of the students that alan
has I make a good living but you know so
well I do it if I do it'll be different
it won't be the same how to make money
on you know me course that that 1020
hundred people have
you know that I just have to be
different I'm sorry I'm not resolve the
real problem like I said the top US
elections are real problem because a lot
of people launched a Facebook group and
they see hey guys here's my you know
WordPress course what do you think
there's a huge need for that is that the
biggest problem the huge giant problem
that you're going to stall like I could
when I install WordPress I click one
button and install not even as difficult
as Drupal used to be I don't know but
the latest one more like like it's it's
not something that people are are
killing themselves in the freezer so
it's I just want people or motivate
people to to just spend hours spent two
hours searching around and find
something just different and who knows
hopefully you'll you know rocket past
the people that are all in that same
thing
ok we're at a crowded at three-sided you
want to roll through the stream here and
make some of these questions that the
incident yet to actually be an
interesting a chance like no holds
barred about what do you plan on
removing your courses to your own site
and that actually also ties in to turn
off this distant bring us back to the
idea the high price promotions
answer to the question about
staying on your platformer attracted
because there's a lot of questions and
we still talk about so I'll be quick but
you know I have a mixed feeling about
pulling courses off of youtube if you
look at the most successful in
structures on you know me you're looking
at the personals debentures to people
that you know me gives their love to all
those people are loyal ok but does not
have his site on teachable right now so
there's that part of me that's like well
I can be a good soldier I can you know
I'm doing well I wanna keep doing well
so maybe I'll just ending a better what
I'm doing and not be all like five
different places but then the other part
of me is like people are paying $800 for
TOGAF training online I'm selling my
course there's people that pick up my
course for $10 on an Android using a an
affiliate code and I get $1 75 the end
of the day so I'm like damn I'm not one
to question these $10 codes I love them
75 is like my coffee is $1 ninety my
daily coffee so I am trying to drag
instructor there's this conflict between
I don't want to jeopardize our risk my
income nice seeing you to me would
purposely sabotage anybody but I do
think that I do you think it's like any
business you want to invest in people
that are showing you know showing their
loyalty to you so when they're deciding
among all the courses that they're going
to send an email whose course of their
picking right now they're still taking
mine and I'll continue to
hope that they do that so I am
considering it but who knows if I do I
will put my courses I remember if I do
I'll create a brand new course and
upgraded somewhere else that would
probably be the strategy